hello this Kylie Jenner inspired makeup
tutorial I know it's not exactly like
Kylie but it is inspired by her so it's
the brown lip the neutral eye
obviously I don't have light skin and a
lot of the colors that I use a lot
darker than what Kylie would probably be
wearing like I said this is just a video
that's inspired by her it's not meant to
be a exact copy of what what's her name
again
Kylie does um so yeah I will list the
products that I used down below if I
left out anything make sure you let me
know if you want to achieve this look
then just keep on watching the tutorial
and let me know what look I should do
next or what video I should do next for
you guys I really enjoy making these
makeup video because aside from like
music and stuff like that I really do
enjoy you know makeup and fashion and
stuff like that so I did say at the
beginning of the year that I wanted to
get into this I mean it only took me
eight months but I'm sorry I'm here now
and yeah so can't just show you guys the
rest of what it takes to
fear yes that is the mess that I have
created this isn't even like a quarter
of the makeup that I earn but you don't
even want to say the other half I hope
you enjoyed the tutorial and yeah this
except you have muscle
I can't play no beanie